Belis Aladag: This is going to be patient. Angela Angelina Victoria.
She is coming in.
Belis Aladag: Her cures report shows only one prescription on
Belis Aladag: For Suboxone film by Dr. Khan.
Belis Aladag: Appears she has severe methamphetamine use disorder and severe
Belis Aladag: opioid use disorder heroin.
Belis Aladag: Hello.
Belis Aladag: Hi, Angelina, it's Dr. Alan Yang, how are you
angelina°: Hey, are you doing good.
Belis Aladag: Good. Um,
Belis Aladag: So welcome, I see that you were with us earlier. Right. Were you did you try
Belis Aladag: August
angelina°: Yeah, I tried to in August and I, there was a situation where I had actually lost my phone. And so for the while I was actually struggling to get a phone use little own I was on my laptop.
angelina°: But I didn't really have, like, I don't know, I guess you could say the motivation at the time to continue. I didn't know my phone. I didn't have really anything I'm service so
angelina°: But I've been trying to I've been on a different track lately I've been trying, you know, to get my life together. Honestly I can't keep doing this, you know, I just got my driver's license. I just, you know, technically move back in with my mom. Okay.
angelina°: So there's little things that I want to change you. And I feel like it'd be. There's no reason not you know
Belis Aladag: Yeah, good for you to take charge again of your life and just sort things out and and then prioritize your health.
Belis Aladag: Because
angelina°: This is really important.
Belis Aladag: You know, I think.
Belis Aladag: It's I read through some of the notes. So I just want to kind of go through you confirm if it's correct. But I have here that around age you started with methamphetamine use
angelina°: Mm hmm.
Belis Aladag: And then age 17 you've started heroin like kind of to counter the effects of the meth. Was that right
angelina°: Right, okay.
Belis Aladag: And then it just became kind of combo use after that.
Belis Aladag: Right. Okay. Um, and then and then you did try for treatment. You tried to do like an inpatient detox, which didn't work. You know you relapse right after
angelina°: They kicked me out of the program.
Belis Aladag: Oh, they kicked you out.
angelina°: What wasn't really much of a kick out is more of like the let me be there for three days, but I didn't know what I was very
angelina°: Nice to know what to do at the time, huh.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. So you weren't offered medication like Suboxone at that time.
angelina°: No. Yeah. Well, at that time that I did that detox place in Cherry Hill and I was really struggling with methamphetamine really but
Belis Aladag: I see. Okay. So yeah, I see, I see.
Belis Aladag: And then
Belis Aladag: And then tell me what what and then you had some hold some psychiatric whole like eight times or something.
angelina°: Yeah, when I was a minor when you
Belis Aladag: Reminder, and was it at all related to like suicidal thoughts suicidal attempts or anything like that, or
angelina°: Well, and the
angelina°: Light is can drag us. They say the drug use was like harming myself in a way. And then I was endangering myself the honestly
angelina°: Yeah, it was more. So just the drug use.
Belis Aladag: I
angelina°: Mean I had suicidal thoughts in the past, I had this looking. Sorry, excuse my language. I have those feelings, but I mean it was starting from the drug use and it just really mess with my head a lot, you know,
Belis Aladag: I bet. Yeah. Okay, so you've had the thoughts in the past, but you've never really had a true attempt
angelina°: Not that I could recall. No. Okay. And
Belis Aladag: Recently, do you feel like you're in danger of that at all, or we are, yeah.
angelina°: No, no, no. It's actually the opposite. I'm excited. I want. I'm really excited about all this. I'm like, you know, I woke up earlier than my alarm clock today.
Belis Aladag: Hey, that's a positive. Wow. Yeah. Yeah, okay, good. So you're in a good place.
Belis Aladag: And tell me about other medications. I see. Was there a history at some point you were diagnosed with depression and diagnosed bipolar. Did they treat you for these things, or do you think
Me.
angelina°: When I was like 1716 1718 they gave me Abilify circle. I mean, they put me on a whole bunch of different ones like Lexapro, it would be on
angelina°: So they put me on all kinds of one well because none of them really work. They were just making me like like a zombie or disrupt jury. So then I just stopped in a circle just put me to sleep like I'd say I'm 17 our street and it just wasn't
angelina°: You know wasn't working for me. So I just, I came to me personally that my anxiety anxiety medication that actually did help me a lot.
angelina°: Because if I didn't have the anxiety. I wouldn't get the depression. I wouldn't get, you know, the mood swings. So trainings, he was smiling big thing, but
angelina°: I haven't been on any medication, since I was about 19
Belis Aladag: Okay 19 was the last time you were on any of those psychiatric meds.
angelina°: Taking
Belis Aladag: And how old are you know 2222 okay
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, and the Suboxone okay so so you first introduced to this him from us was that, is that right
angelina°: Right knows you guys in August.
Belis Aladag: In August. Okay. And how did that go for you, you're
angelina°: Twice.
angelina°: You like David. Yes.
Belis Aladag: It should really work well to help you feel normal not have cravings and just kind of get on with your life.
Belis Aladag: And so that's great. And if it can help you keep your mind away from that stuff from the temptation. Hopefully you'll make good choices. I mean, obviously it's not it's not, you still have to do work to stay sober, but
angelina°: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: It's a huge help. Right.
angelina°: Right, and it's honestly it's I don't like the fact where I have to plan things out based on having enough to get me through the day.
angelina°: That's ridiculous. I have to plan out that I'll have some heroin for a doctor's appointment for if I want to go see a family member. If I want to hang out with somebody, if I want to do this, do that like it's it's
angelina°: It's ridiculous. And I can't, I don't want to live my life around a bag. That's not what I want. It's not. It's not me. In general, it's just, you know, it's like I'm fighting with another person that's not me.
angelina°: Yeah, I can't live me unless I have that answer ridiculous. I just one, you know,
Belis Aladag: Get over it. Yes.
angelina°: It's not, I want to do. I can't do anything I want to do because it
Belis Aladag: Yet it's so limited, you must be
angelina°: Crazy really yes
It's not
Belis Aladag: So okay, so you've been using it IV with math as well. Still
angelina°: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay. When was the last time you today earlier.
angelina°: Well, I mean, because I when I heard that I was going to have this doctor's appointment, um, last night, they called me.
angelina°: So last night was the last time I took what I use a shot because I thought, you know what I mean by the time that I would see the doctor that you know I get some hours and stop, you know, because I know there is some type of detox that you have to do beforehand. Right.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I want you to be ready to take it. And so, yeah, it's great that you stopped last night. You seem uncomfortable.
angelina°: Yeah. OK.
Belis Aladag: So the good news is I'm going to prescribe you the medication and
Belis Aladag: And if you're
Belis Aladag: Uncomfortable. That's usually a sign a good sign. I mean, if you have physical
Belis Aladag: Are you feeling restless. Do you feel pain. Do you feel
angelina°: Me. Are you still kind of like out of breath, my, my eyes won't stop watering and
angelina°: Watering yeah I can't sit still and just feel like, you know, just I will
Belis Aladag: Not so good feeling. Okay. So the good news is you're in probably sufficient withdrawal because you would use now right
angelina°: Normally, yeah, oh yeah, I would have been used like five hours ago.
Belis Aladag: So, so, so it's a good sign that your body is ready your receptors are emptying out and they're ready to to get the Suboxone it. Okay.
angelina°: I think I last used was maybe because I went to bed around maybe like 1230 so yeah
angelina°: Did around 12:12am okay yeah
Belis Aladag: And now we're 10am so okay 10 hours. So you should be
Belis Aladag: You should be ready. You seem uncomfortable enough. The reason we want to wait, rather than take it too soon, is if you take it too soon, it kicks off whatever's left of the opioids and it makes you feel worse so
Belis Aladag: Right worse, right.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I'm it look if that happens, something in the world, you'll get through it. It just needs some time and it'll pick up but but i you look uncomfortable enough that I think it'll be okay to take your first dose.
Belis Aladag: And you were on eight milligrams films twice a day that was
Belis Aladag: Looking okay for you.
angelina°: And it wasn't too much too little. So what I liked about it. I mean, I honestly back then. I felt I remember correctly, is that I was worried about my still felt a little jittery
angelina°: And a little bit like uncomfortable like towards four hours later, after I took the
angelina°: First one. So that's why I took the second one, but I didn't know if left with more more was live. I didn't know how that goes about bit. I mean, it's a good starting dose. Definitely. Yeah, I don't know anything at this point I'm ready to try it.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: So we'll start with one. So, take one film and then and then see how you feel. Okay. And then, and then, like you said,
Belis Aladag: You know, just relax into it. See if it how long in the whole do and then before you know in the afternoon, you take the second one and see if that twice a day dosing works for
angelina°: You if
Belis Aladag: If that first dose is like you're still not comfortable after one full film and you're like, I don't know. I don't feel so right, then you can take the second maybe a half of the second one right after. And so it's more like one and a half in the
angelina°: Same time
Belis Aladag: Yeah. At the same time, like, back to back, give it like maybe a
Belis Aladag: Half hour to kick in and then if you're like Wow. This still doesn't feel right. I think I need a little bit more than do another half film. So then you do one and a half technically
Belis Aladag: And right there, half, you could do maybe before bed and then see how you
Okay.
Belis Aladag: See if you can do it that way and do one and a half and half.
angelina°: And then see ya.
angelina°: Maybe that's a good idea.
angelina°: That will
Belis Aladag: Stick to to a day but you're just kind of split it a little that way. Um, and then if it's still not enough. We'll talk about it, but OK. So the way we're going to meet in is in groups. Um, I have some options for you. There is a women's group on Mondays at 10
Belis Aladag: That works or there's a Thursday 4pm group.
angelina°: I'd like to 4pm veteran. Don't you like better.
Belis Aladag: Okay, cool. Um, so I'm going to put you in that group. So
Belis Aladag: So I'm gonna see. So that's tomorrow I'm, I'm wondering if we should wait. You think you'll be okay. Do you want to meet tomorrow to say, okay, went okay it didn't go okay, or would you rather just try to do this one and a half, and then a half for like a week and then see I
angelina°: Read us a week first honestly just to get in the mood of things but yes do that.
Belis Aladag: Let's do that. I'm also going to prescribe you know our can you know what that is. Reversal agent.
angelina°: Right. And yet, in the note.
Belis Aladag: It's just good if you're living with your mom to say, hey, Mom, I'm in treatment. I'm going to be okay. But if you ever find me pass. Now, you don't know why it doesn't hurt.
angelina°: Yeah, that's good idea. Probably. Anyways, you know,
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: You could also use it on other people. It's
angelina°: Okay I want more, but I wouldn't really I don't really see myself trying to hang out with other people.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, please don't because, I mean,
angelina°: Yes. You want to like
Belis Aladag: Yeah, and we'll talk more about those kinds of things in the group setting about like what do you do to stay safe, blah, blah, blah.
Belis Aladag: The groups are run by like I'll check in with you medically and then there will be a therapist that'll kind of run the rest of the topic.
Belis Aladag: And then we'll do your refills and everything and
Belis Aladag: That therapist, actually the Thursday. One is your assigned therapists. So if you want to do one on one, it might be good for you to have one on one therapy with her as well that you can arrange so when we see you next week on Thursday. You can arrange that with her.
angelina°: Okay.
Belis Aladag: If you want the one on ones.
angelina°: All right. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so. But for now, for now, we're committing to medical appointments in a group setting on Thursdays at four. I'm going to send you an email reminder
Belis Aladag: If the program. Except tomorrow.
Belis Aladag: If there's any changes in between, you send me a message through virtual clinic just log in and say I have a message for my doctor, I tried it this way, you know, whatever's anything any changes, but I'm going to give you enough for two films a day. So hopefully that'll
angelina°: hold you over at least until I student
angelina°: In case. Yeah.
angelina°: And then so much
Belis Aladag: You're welcome. I'm sorry you're uncomfortable. I can see that. That's why I'm like trying to speed it
Belis Aladag: Up.
Belis Aladag: Is there anything I need to ask any surgeries, you've had any allergies to medication.
angelina°: Well, I've had
angelina°: I've had two abortions without a cancer surgery. I'm not sure.
Belis Aladag: Where they were they surgical like they had to be
Belis Aladag: An. Okay. Okay. So two of those. Okay. I think they have that listed. Anything else where you had to go under anesthesia.
No.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm
Belis Aladag: Sorry about that.
angelina°: Probably wasn't easy either. Sorry, I was like a teenager, so
angelina°: I guess I'm okay.
Belis Aladag: So Angelina, anything else we haven't covered that you want to let me know about
angelina°: You have you think we got it was to me, you know, oh yeah, and the labs. I was going to mention them my bloodwork
angelina°: After this video chat, actually, because the Quest Diagnostics the blood lab. That's actually literally like a block away from my house. So I'm just gonna run down there and
angelina°: Do that right after this. So,
angelina°: Perfect. Let's
angelina°: I don't know if I need the labs in order to get the prescription or if I need
Belis Aladag: No, I mean, I want to
Belis Aladag: Do it. I want you to do it, but I'm going to give you the prescription regardless. Okay, so go
angelina°: Against
Belis Aladag: Corruption, but get your lab work done in a timely fashion. So,
angelina°: Right.
Belis Aladag: Do it today, that'd be great.
angelina°: Yeah, I'm gonna do right after this. So,
Belis Aladag: They also should ask you for your in
Belis Aladag: Your urine and blood
Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay.
Belis Aladag: And then, and then for the future. They're going to, we are going to mail you
angelina°: manila envelope was like a test thing.
Belis Aladag: Don't open envelope check into virtual clinic and say,
angelina°: Hello, and
Belis Aladag: Open it. It's like a witness, kind of, okay, I'm going back from now, I'll be
Back.
angelina°: Yeah, maybe that far last time.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, hopefully this time we're going to keep you in here. Keep going.
angelina°: With your money I have to do. I need you.
Belis Aladag: Have to write
Belis Aladag: Yeah, and it's a crazy world.
Belis Aladag: Out there Angeles. This is the time to do this right, it's just there's so much happening.
angelina°: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: You need to take care of you and ground you so that you know you could, we could all survive this.
Thing.
angelina°: Right now.
angelina°: You're coronavirus and all this other stuff and you know you gotta be careful.
Belis Aladag: You gotta be careful. Yeah, so we want the healthiest do possible. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So it's the Walgreens on ball for
So Ryan walnut.
angelina°: Don't wanna go for it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Mm hmm. Yep, I'm going to do that and you like the film that was covered by your insurance, I assume, yes.
angelina°: Yes. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So we'll do film if it needs to be changed to tablet, it works the same way melts under your tongue. But I mean, whatever you can afford. Right. So whatever
Belis Aladag: Right. Everything is a little different. So I'm going to do the regular film that you had last time, twice a day it'll say, but in your head, you can do one and a half. If you feel like it. And then the other half.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay. And then any concerns you call us 24 seven and you let me know I get a message and stuff like that. Hopefully we'll, we'll sort it out, but otherwise I'll see you you login maybe 3:30pm is best. Do it half hour before
angelina°: Yes, Thursday, not
Belis Aladag: This one. So, April 2 I believe
Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
angelina°: All right. That's awesome. I appreciate you so much. Thank you so much.
Belis Aladag: You okay get well soon.
angelina°: Take this message.
Belis Aladag: Will work.
angelina°: Okay, thank you so much. Awesome. Bye bye. Have a good day. Bye.